this is very very significant on march
28 we will hold in the city of tijuana
greatest boxing cog in the history of
mexican box every three World title
fights and to a significant major fights
by major fights of the same night that
will be telecast all over the United
States Canada on pay per view television
this whole event would not have been
possible without the cooperation indeed
without the enthusiasm expressed by our
friend the mayor of the city of Tijuana
the Honorable Toure Ramos who will be
our most for this very very significant
event so it's with great pride that I
present to you the mayor with the city
of Tijuana Mako the Honorable for a rama
thank you first of all I would like to
retain top rank and our very good friend
Oh bottom and a distinguished Citizen of
the city of big one up another one plan
for this opportunity to great city the
Great Sea of Japan Ibaka there is a city
it has the opportunity to invite all the
people around the world to visit the
home of lots of world champions of great
Mexican champions champions like Hosea
dinamita strava Manuel Mota carmelina
and I will give our appellate the
evolution Alice getting morales antonio
margarito they were here before Volos
jose idea all of them from the city of
Tijuana so our city has a great history
on Mexican boxing so very happy to have
the possibility to invite all the people
to go to our city which is a city a very
good and honorable people then been
through tough times but we're fine we're
really fighting and put the good guys in
front of backpack so this is a great
opportunity for us to to have this I
don't know how you've done a coal-based
match but I think that maybe there's a
basal temp 2 with the call this a grand
slam
is a great Breslin we're going to have
back there in indy weather and